1.My history.
I am Reagan Adams. A young aspiring coder from Durban KZN. If I am being honest on my past, it was not the best up bringing. I guess it was because of the choices I made as well that contributed to that. Was not always the best or most pleasent but here I am getting this amazing oppurtunity from Umuzi which I am truly gratful for.Sorry for rambling there let me get back to history. From a young age I have always been attracted too technology, I have always had all the latest playstations etc. I just love gaming on a whole, so I thought to myself. Why not make my own games? I know with coding that is a possibility because you can make your own and keep online ones running behind the scenes. I was grown up as the youngest child as I have an older sister. In late high school I worked with my father as an aircon specialist, from there I went on to work as a stock counter for a company called bevinco. From there I was out of work for a while and my father ended up getting diabetes so he could not continue with the aircon work so he opended up a little tuckshop in our yard, I sat there for him for a while and if I am being honest I just played video games. Eventually I managed to land a contract job by UKZN Westville as an administrative assistant for a few years, I really enjoyed it there. And after that I started working as a plumber, that is my most recent work experience. I only really started doing coding at the beginning of this year, basic html and css, I have been enjoying it and really did not expect to get accepted into Umuzi but I thank God everyday for this oppurtunity. So yeah for the most part I have felt like an NPC in life but now it is starting to get good haha.
